About the job
Requisition ID: 94060

Job Category: Campus

Location: Mississauga, ON, Canada

Join a company that is passionately committed to the pursuit of a better world through positive change. With more than 65 years of business and technical expertise in mining , energy , and infrastructure , our 10,000 colleagues in 150 countries tirelessly work toward bettering the industries in which we operate. With practical solutions that are safe, innovative and sustainable, we think globally while acting locally. Are you looking for an opportunity to join a diverse group of professionals who are committed to remaining exceptional? We look forward to hearing from you.

Our expertise in infrastructure includes aviation, highways and bridges, planning and advisory services, ports, rail and transit, tunnels, and water. Want to be part of the creation and construction of our cities? Then the infrastructure team is for you!

 Looking to get the most out of your upcoming internship? 

Hatch is seeking a Process Mechanical Designer Technology Student for an internship starting May 2025, for a 4-month term. Reporting to our Infrastructure, Water group you will support offices globally working from our Oakville, ON office location.

We are looking for adaptable, self-motivated students who are excellent working both individually, as well as in a team. We need you to be able to build and maintain strong relationships with both your colleagues and clients through excellent verbal and written communication. We will expect you to draw on your college and employment experiences to manage your time effectively.

You Will

 What Will an Internship at Hatch Offer You: 

 Be given opportunities to contribute to complex projects around the world in meaningful ways. 
 Work on problems and gain experience relevant to your field of study in an office environment. 
 Collaborate with diverse teams locally and globally. 
 Work in an exciting environment where you can apply your academic learning on a daily basis. 
 Benefit from formal and informal mentorship from some of the leading minds and authorities in the industry. 
 Participate in local Lunch and Learns, Hatch Charity Events, the triannual Student Showcase, and more to develop your skills. 
 Join in charitable, social, and sports activities with other Hatch employees. 

We’re entrepreneurs with a technical soul. Our flat organizational structure creates an atmosphere of openness and participation. We build practical solutions that are safe, innovative, and sustainable. Our ultimate goal is to achieve no harm for our people, our clients, and our communities.

As The Successful Candidate, You Will

 Support project managers, project engineers and designers in the preparation of design drawings and other technical information for civil municipal projects focusing on the electrical discipline. 
 Assist in CAD design of municipal infrastructure including electrical drawing development for wastewater and water treatment plants, sewer, watermains and roads. 
 Perform assignments requiring application of standard techniques, procedures and criteria to carry out engineering tasks for municipal infrastructure projects. 
 Coordination with other technicians and related disciplines to produce design deliverables. 
 Compilation of design drawings. 
 Preparing design submissions and other technical documents. 
 Assistance of Senior Engineers, Surveyors, and Designers as and when needed. 

You Bring To The Role

 Currently enrolled in a Mechanical Engineering Technology co-op program at an accredited college. 
 Strong CAD skills, and experience with AutoCAD/MicroStation is required. 
 Positive team attitude and approach, results oriented and ability to work independently. 
 Passion for learning, challenges and your field of study. 
 Interested in innovation, sustainability, safety and quality. 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills. 

Competencies (knowledge, Skill, Attributes)

 Good understanding of engineering and business fundamentals as they apply to engineering problems and projects. 
 Ability to learn quickly and to take on new challenges. 
 Collaborative team player with excellent interpersonal skills. 
 Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 Shows critical and creative thinking and problem solving and brings forward solutions for our clients' toughest challenges. 
 Adapts and embraces change. 

 Note: Applicants must submit a transcript (official or unofficial) upon application. 

Why join us?

Work with great people to make a difference
Collaborate on exciting projects to develop innovative solutions
 Top employer 

What we offer you?

Flexible work environment
Long term career development
Think globally, work locally

Don't meet every single requirement? You don't need to. At Hatch, we are building a diverse, inclusive workplace that fosters innovation. If you're interested in this role, we encourage you to apply even if your past experiences don't perfectly align with the skills we've listed.

We're committed to fostering a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate and serve. Hatch is an Equal Opportunity Employer that considers applicants without regard to age, race, color, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran, or any other protected status. If you have any accommodation requirements, please let us know. We'll do our best to meet your needs in accordance with applicable local legislation.